My name is Percy Jackson.
You are a half-blood.
and half-bloods
are not safe in the world.
The stories about gods
and heroes and monsters.
they are real.
Grover. why is there
half a goat in your pants?
I'm a satyr. and I'm your Protector.
Welcome to camp. Percy Jackson.
We've been expecting you.
I'm Luke.
Hermes is my father.
That doesn't matter.
We're all on the same team here.
Whoa. Knock it off. Clarisse.
Every new kid shows up here
and they think they're special.
I'm Annabeth.
Annabeth sees the world
differently.
Always six steps ahead of everyone else.
Percy Jackson.
You have been claimed by Poseidon.
Before camp. I was on the road.
Me and a forbidden kid
I met along the way.
Her name is Thalia.
When Annabeth first arrived here
with Thalia and Luke.
they were being chased by monsters.
Zeus intervened to save her life and…
changed her form.
Zeus is going to war
with Poseidon.
Olympians fight.
we betray. we backstab.
Ares.
Hello again. little hero.
It was Kronos.
He's behind all of it.
I know where Kronos is.
I put him there.
Everything the Oracle said
has either come true or makes sense.
"You shall go west
and face the god who has turned.
"Find what was stolen
"and see it returned.
"And you shall be betrayed
"by one who calls you a friend."
We're gonna help Kronos
bring the Golden Age back.
You're more than a hero now.
You are a leader in the eyes
of your fellow half-bloods.
- You got it?
- Is that your Searcher's license?
Officially authorized to begin
the quest for Pan.
No matter what happens.
we meet back here next year.
Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today
Pan…
Lord of the Wild.
if you are near…
give me a sign.
Hmm.
Gross.
Off! Get it off of me!
Ali?
Alison Simms. is that you?
What are you doing here?
Campers aren't allowed to search for Pan.
We're not campers
anymore. Grover.
We just want to see what you found.
Where's the rest of it?
Rest of what?
Another dead end.
Luke is not gonna be happy.
Luke?
Wait. are you guys
part of Luke's rebellion?
Wait. wait. wait.
Why were you guys following me?
What does Luke want with Pan?
You've already seen too much.
You guys get nightmares. right?
Probably not like mine.
See. demigods get ones
that tell the future…
or try to kill us.
Usually. I'd talk this over
with my best friends. but…
cell phones attract monsters. so…
gotta wait for camp and…
hope they're okay.
Good news is
I don't have to wait long.
Hey. someone's up early.
It's a last-day-of-school miracle.
Hey. Tyson. This yours?
Oh.
Thanks. Percy.
That looks pretty cool. Tyson.
What is that?
Compass.
So. I don't get lost.
Oh. yeah. This is Tyson.
He's a Cyclops. He lives with us now.
Mom met Tyson while volunteering
at a homeless shelter.
Then…
she got him enrolled at my school.
Percy!
Where I was his only friend.
Mom was the only other person
who could see his true form.
She sees a lot. actually.
Sometimes.
I wonder if she could see
what was about to happen.
What's wrong?
Something on your mind
this morning. What is it?
I had a nightmare.
It was about Grover.
Maybe I should
drive you guys to camp tonight.
instead of tomorrow.
"You guys?"
Mom.
why do you keep
getting his hopes up...
I had a dream too.
A golden drachma spinning in a void.
On one side. a trident. on the other…
a scythe.
Kronos.
What do you think it means?
Maybe that two things that
feel so opposite are somehow…
Two sides of the same coin.
I was going for something more profound.
Mom. if this is another talk
about me and Tyson…
What about me?
Tyson. what do I always say?
Oh. um…
Okay. I'll start.
Being a real hero…
…means standing up for others.
Listen to your mother.
Hey. watch it.
You don't have to wear it
that low. you know.
The Mist protects people
from seeing monsters.
so you're…
good.
- It's okay.
- No. it's not.
I just called you a monster.
and that wasn't nice.
You do have monster friends.
Yeah. I… do?
Your best friend. Goater.
And they let him go to hero camp. too.
I can't wait to go.
So. Grover is a satyr.
Kinda like a nature spirit.
Like. nymphs and dryads
all work at Camp Half-Blood.
but humans and monsters
aren't allowed in.
A naiad.
My mom's a naiad. Does that count?
I thought you never knew your parents.
- I don't.
- So. how do you know your...
Gray Sisters?
Okay. Put me down. Big Guy.
He said put him down.
Annabeth? What are you…
Whoa. Tyson. both of you stop.
Wait a minute. You know this Cyclops?
It's okay. put me down.
You're Annabeth.
Percy talks about you all the time.
Tyson.
You look at her picture
all the time. right?
I. uh. thought you were
in Virginia with your dad.
- What's going on?
- You didn't have the dream?
About Grover?
About camp.
Everything was on fire.
The cabins. the arena…
Right after I woke up.
I sent an Iris message to the Big House.
What'd Chiron say?
Didn't answer. But look.
- This guy did.
- Who's that?
No idea. But he was standing
in Chiron's office.
Gave me this look. then cut me off.
And now you tell me
Grover's in trouble.
Yeah. in my dream.
You think that's connected?
It's all connected. child.
Your satyr friend is in a dark.
dark place.
far from anything he's ever known.
Anger!
Stop doling out sight for free.
They haven't paid yet.
Yes. I did.
Not for that. you didn't.
Extra passenger. extra fare.
Percy. I spent my last drachma
to pay for you.
Percy?
Wait. what were you saying about Grover?
You know where he is?
The Gray Sisters see all.
They only have one eye?
- Look…
- …who's…
…talking. Pay or get out.
Hold on. I have a drachma.
Hmm. So. this is your boyfriend. huh?
No wonder you dream about him.
I never said "boyfriend."
- I never said "boyfriend."
- Okay.
- I didn't.
- I believe you.
Maybe we should just take the train.
No. the Gray Sisters
are the fastest way to camp.
We got to go there now.
Okay. found it. Found it.
I got the eye. Let me look.
You can't tell from looking.
Wasp is right.
Shouldn't the driver have the eye?
Anger. let me look at it!
You've seen enough. Coin's good.
Three for Camp Half-Blood!
Wait. tell me what you know about Grover.
Buckle up.
Wahoo!
Is Grover the other boyfriend?
- No!
- There's another boyfriend?
The tall one in her dream.
Stop giving things away!
- Give it back! Give it back!
Tell me where Grover is!
We cannot tell!
Okay. well. they clearly
don't need this to drive.
- Let's get rid of it.
- No. not the eye!
Give it back!
Thirty. thirty-one.
seventy-five. twelve!
What? I said where's Grover?
Thirty. thirty-one.
seventy-five. twelve!
Oh!
He is cute.
My turn!
- Forget it.
- No. give it to me.
Did we say too much?
You're always saying too much.
Wait.
What do those numbers mean?
You'll see!
Let's go!
Drive faster!
What?
No fire.
Everything seems fine.
Is this hero camp?
For real?
Actually. it's
through those trees over that hill.
So cool.
What's wrong?
Just a little dizzy.
Space Mountain has nothing
on the Gray Sisters.
You tried a roller coaster?
Did you love it?
I tried a lot of things.
Even wrote you about some of them.
I know. I read all your...
Wait. you got my letters. right?
Looks like you left a couple things out.
Tyson's been living with us.
My mom took him in.
I promised I'd look out for him.
I didn't think he'd be coming to camp.
Yeah. but Sally has to know that. right?
That he can't enter?
I tried telling her. Look…
can we talk about something else?
I want to hear what you thought
about Space Mountain and. like…
school.
'Cause I did read your letters.
And honestly. I felt like
you left some stuff out too.
Run!
Tyson. no!
What?
Cyclops are immune to fire.
He'll be fine. Let's go.
I told you he can't cross the border!
Percy. don't!
Tyson!
I. Annabeth Chase.
give you permission to enter camp!
Tyson!
Trust me! Okay?
I got you.
I got in. y'all!
Ready. Load. Fire!
Stand down.
Let's go. let's go!
Fall in line! Fall in line!
- Hey. Clarisse.
- Shut up. Jackson.
- Oh. you fixed your spear.
- Don't. Even.
What are you two doing out here?
All non-combatants
are to shelter in their cabins
during monster attacks.
I will not be taking the blame
for your dumb deaths.
Clear the field.
and let the warriors work.
Tyson. you okay?
I'm good.
Welcome to Camp Half-Blood.
Usually there's more s'mores and less…
ground assault.
Laistrygonians.
Come again?
Giant cannibals from the far north.
Odysseus fought them once.
Strong. but stupid.
They fight like a team.
so not that stupid.
But why attack the back of camp?
This could have been a distraction.
Draw defense away from their true target
while testing the strength of the barrier.
You mean like the barrier…
created by Thalia's tree?
Luke!
You running again?
I'll see you out there.
No. no. no. No.
Oh my God.
Thalia… No.
What is it?
I don't…
Elder python venom.
Luke poisoned her.
The tree is a… girl?
Was.
Thalia was a hero
who made her last stand right here…
to protect her friends.
She was the daughter of Zeus.
He saw her sacrifice.
Didn't save her. but…
did change her into something
that could save others.
The tree makes the magic shield.
Thalia saved Luke's life.
- How could he do this?
- 'Cause he's not Luke anymore.
He's…
lost.
He serves Kronos now.
that's all he's about.
Kronos?
Lord of the Titans.
He wants to take down Olympus.
and now so does Luke.
He'll destroy anything
if it helps bring the Titans
back to power.
Cyclops!
Twelve o'clock.
He's a friend.
It's inside our boundary.
- Stand aside.
- He has permission.
From who?
From me.
Does camp still stand?
Camp stands strong.
So. waking me up
was not necessary.
So sorry. my lord.
- Any casualties?
- Not on our side.
We do have wounded though.
being treated by the...
What's important now
is to identify who is responsible
and how to punish them.
It was Luke.
He led the giants right to this spot.
They were a distraction while he poisoned…
You.
No. I know you.
Who are you?
That's Percy Jackson. my lord.
Ah. yes. Son of Poseidon.
I've heard all about you.
Right.
And you are?
Tantalus.
King Tantalus of Anatolia.
Tantalus…
You're the guy who can't touch food
no matter how hungry he gets.
Yes. thank you
for recalling my curse
I had momentarily forgotten.
What is that?
Cyclops.
Sir.
Ah. right. Kill it.
How many times do I...
He's with me!
He is not a threat. He's…
He's your brother.
Oh my God.
Oh. wow.
He never could keep
his trident to himself.
Am I right?
It is rather funny.
Yeah!
You got to keep an eye on him.
Mr. D. can we get back
to the part about camp being in danger?
- Oh.
- You.
I know you. too.
You're the one
who opened the Iris message
into my private quarters.
You mean Chiron's office?
You mean my office.
See. Tantalus here
is the new activities director.
as decreed by Zeus himself.
who also booted ponyboy
on account of the fact
that he's the son…
of Kronos.
- What?
- Oh.
I'm sorry.
Did you not know that?
No. I…
It's just that's a stupid reason.
- Oh.
- Zeus is also a son of Kronos.
Why doesn't he just boot himself...
Okay. Look. Peter.
We all know that last year
you did something cool.
Honestly. I don't
even remember what it was.
But because you did.
I'm gonna let you know
that the danger the camp is under
is greater than you can possibly imagine.
See. Tantalus had the delicious idea
to revive the chariot races
as this year's camp-wide competition.
This latest attack. though.
threatens to throw our entire schedule
completely off.
No. I don't think we need
to postpone. Lord Dionysus.
Oh. really?
Oh. Sorry.
I mean. do you really
believe these stories
of rogue demigods leading monsters?
Or is this
just your basic seasonal attack
with the most damage done to camp morale.
which the chariot race could help restore?
Hm.
Are you serious right now?
We need a quest to heal Thalia's tree.
Heal the tree.
How?
Yeah. How?
Give us a quest.
- I don't think I like your tone.
- I don't care.
Luke was here
and he knew what he was doing.
If the tree falls. the barrier falls.
and camp will be open to any attack.
To every attack!
Guards!
The only
demigod-monster alliance
I've seen today
is between you and your Cyclops brother.
so why don't you go join him
in cabin confinement immediately?
Mr. D. are you okay with this?
I also found your tone a little harsh.
Something you'd like to add?
No.
Bro!
Did you know? This whole time?
Nuh-uh.
But you said your mother was a naiad.
You knew that. So. how did you know that?
I didn't…
Don't lie to me. Tyson. Please.
No way.
We're best friends and we're bros.
I would never lie...
We're not bros. we're...
Poseidon's our father. but…
- Yeah.
- And…
it's just a lot for me.
Like it must be for you. I'm just…
I'm just not sure what it means.
It means I'm not alone.
So. that sucked.
Do you want to talk?
Actually… do you want to walk?
Um…
Come on.
we're already in trouble.
What are they going to do?
No. it's just…
Tyson's a little…
I'm kinda talking to him right now.
Why don't you come in?
- No. it's cool.
- It's okay. for real.
I know. it's…
I was gonna check
the damage to Thalia's tree.
Maybe talk to the dryads about it.
I thought you said you had no drachmas.
Huh?
One of your letters you wrote.
You wished you could Iris message.
but you didn't have a drachma
to pay for tribute.
I didn't.
That one in the cab
my mom gave me this morning.
I didn't even know she had one.
Wait a minute.
you said that you spent your last drachma
to pay for my cab fare.
That means you had at least two.
This whole year. why didn't you reach out?
That's what I'm trying to do now.
Okay. maybe just…
give me a few minutes?
Don't worry about it.
Just get some sleep.
She's right. you know.
You should sleep.
In the streets. you can't
because the monsters will know.
It was a sphinx who told me.
On 77th Street.
Big bully.
He said my mom was a naiad.
and my dad was one of the gods.
I just thought he was tricking me.
Monsters come after you a lot
out there?
Sleep's good.
It means you're safe.
And I think we'll get good sleep here.
I know you're hurting.
But can you still hear me?
Just asking because even before Luke left.
you were the only one
I could really talk to.
I'm going to fix this.
I just need to know how.
Please…
tell me how.
Percy?
Percy!
Is that you?
Grover!
Percy!
Hey. can you hear me?
Yeah. I can. Wait.
Why are you wearing my clothes?
I… I think for the same reason
you're wearing mine.
Oh. wow. Does that make sense?
I think that makes sense.
What? Please. tell me what makes sense.
Were you recently in a taxi
with Annabeth and…
like a Cyclops?
Yes.
Boom! Empathy link! Has to be!
- Does it? What is that?
- It's a bond.
A telepathic. empathic bond
between a satyr and a demigod
that can cut through time.
space. and dreams.
Super rare. It can only happen between…
…best friends.
Yeah.
Sorry! Sorry.
All good.
So. uh. how does this work?
I don't really know. You mean. like…
Like. are you in my dream.
or am I in yours? Or…
I think both?
Like we're creating
the same dream at the same time.
- This is so cool.
Yeah.
I think the dream is collapsing.
Or he's coming back.
Look. we don't have a lot of time.
I really am trapped in this cave.
though it doesn't look this cool
in real life
with the mirrors and…
- How did you get here?
- Sea monster. technically.
but it's all part of his system. His trap.
- Who's "he?"
- Polyphemus.
He's using threads from the Fleece
as bait for satyrs
because its nature magic
gives off the same scent as Pan.
Wait. that's what Luke's team was after.
- Not Pan. but the Fleece.
- Grover. slow down.
What are you talking about? What Fleece?
The Golden Fleece.
It has the power
to heal anything or anyone.
I wonder why Luke's team wants it.
Percy. you gotta get me out of here.
You gotta find me.
I'm coming to get you.
Tell me exactly where this cave is.
Thirty. thirty-one. seventy-five. twelve.
Bad dream?
Uh. Grover…
and a monster's treasure.
Two sides of the same coin.
Same coin?
Same place. I mean.
Thirty. thirty-one. seventy-five. twelve.
Same place.
I know how to save camp.
Attend your mark!
Grover needs my help.
and I'm not going to let
some stupid laws about quests
stand in my way.
- Percy!
- Grover?
Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today